>> Scott Moss: So now you're gonna add
new fields on the types, the reference
other types, and then create resolvers for
those field types that point to types.
That was super redundant.
But basically what you're gonna be doing
is if you go to the schema, a pet should
have a user, and
a user should have an array of pets.
So you need to make that happen.
One thing you're gonna
have to do is because
the user is pretty much hard
coded inside the database,
you could just copy the ID and paste that
whenever you make a pet yourself, or
what you can do is if you
go into the server file,
you can get the user here,
and add it to the context.
So if you did something like
const user = models.user.get.
That'll give you the user, and
then you can just pass it
here on the context object.
And now every resolver has the user.
That's a quick way to get the user.
You're probably gonna need that when
you're trying to resolve a user for
a pet, basically when you're trying
to resolve a user for a pet.
pet.user.
You're gonna need that, and
you can just return that thing.
So your goal is to one,
go into the schema, add a relationship
to users on the pet object, and then add
a relationship to pets on the user object.
And then you need to write
the resolvers for those fields, so
that would be pet.user needs a resolver,
and then user.pets needs a resolver,
and yeah, go ahead and
resolve those things.
So for the all pets have the same user,
so you don't need to filter by
give me all the pets for this user,
there's only one using the database so
you don't need to filter there,
you can just get all the pets.
Then for the user,
there's only one user in the database, and
you can use the trigger I
showed you with the context, or
you can just query the database for models
dot, you can do it inside the resolver.
Either way, you can do it in the context
or you can do it in the resolver,
it's up to you, but
you gotta write the same code.
Cool, any questions on relationships, yes?
>> Speaker 2: How'd you get the user?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so I got the user
using models dot user dot get.
>> Scott Moss: Or.
Actually, let's a look.
Now I'm second guessing myself.
What did I put here?
Yeah, it's find one.
I standardize it at the last, cool.
So find one, that'll give you the user.
And then once you do that,
it's just some queries and
see if you can get your computer to crash.
Tell me how many levels you
had to go to get it crash.
That'll be cool.